Fu Siyan, what do you mean?
My boss of Lu Enterprises
How could you invite tenders
To develop a new business bureau
How is that possible?
How is that impossible?
Mr. Lu daydreams all day long
Thinking about devouring my story
Little do you know how far your company's status may have been
Shopping malls enter the battlefield
Once cowardly
Just by your phone
You can also take a good look.
You brought this activity physics
It's just an obsolete document.
I would have had many opportunities to do it elsewhere
But it's not necessary
Don't reject me
You have lost
Mr. Du
So
This is all a trap designed by you and Su Yan
Waiting for me to drill something
What are you doing here?
I came to see that Lu Zhengguo is dead
How are you doing?